Readers already familiar with Ammons’s longer mode in other books will welcome this new collection, while those familiar only with the shorter poems will find their appreciation of his work both deepened and heightened. The Selected Poems: 1951-1977 was described by one critic as “an indispensable book”; Selected Longer Poems is an indispensable companion to it.
This book was converted from its physical edition to the digital format by a community of volunteers. You may find it for free on the web. Purchase of the Kindle edition includes wireless delivery.
gatha Christie’s masterpiece, and the best-selling murder mystery book of all time.

Ten strangers, apparently with little in common, are lured to an island mansion off the coast of Devon by a mysterious host.

They sit down for dinner and a record begins to play. The voice of their host accuses each person of hiding a guilty secret. By the end of the night one of them will be dead.

Stranded by a violent storm, they begin to die – one by one.
Each of them is guilty. But who is the killer?
This book was converted from its physical edition to the digital format by a community of volunteers. You may find it for free on the web. Purchase of the Kindle edition includes wireless delivery.
The Atlantis World is the final book in The Origin Mystery, the blockbuster trilogy that has sold a million copies in the US, is being translated into eighteen languages, and is in development to be a major motion picture.
A GLOBAL CATACLYSM BEYOND IMAGINATION...
A MYSTERIOUS SIGNAL FROM SPACE...
AND ONE LAST HOPE TO SAVE THE HUMAN RACE:

THE ATLANTIS WORLD.

As the clock ticks down to humanity's extinction, a team of scientists will risk everything to unravel the secrets of the past.

Northern Morocco: Dr. Kate Warner cured a global pandemic, and she thought she could cure herself. She was wrong. And she was wrong about the scope of the Atlantis conspiracy. Humanity faces a new threat, an enemy beyond imagination. With her own time running out and the utter collapse of human civilization looming, a new hope arrives: a coded message from a potential ally.

Arecibo Observatory: Mary Caldwell has spent her life waiting, watching the stars, looking for signs of intelligent life beyond our world. When that day comes, Mary is thrust into a struggle older than the human race, with far greater stakes. She must decide who to trust, because there's nowhere to hide.

Antarctica: In the wake of the Atlantis Plague, Dorian Sloane finds himself a puppet to Ares' mysterious agenda. When Dorian moves to take control of the situation, Ares unleashes a cataclysm that changes everything. As the catastrophe circles the globe, Ares reveals the true nature of the threat to humanity, and Dorian agrees to one last mission: find and kill David Vale and Kate Warner. There will be no prisoners this time. The orders are seek and destroy, and Dorian has been promised that his own answers and salvation lie on the other side.

With Dorian in pursuit, Kate, David, and their team race through the ruins of the Atlantean ship left on Earth, across Atlantean science stations throughout the galaxy, and into the past of a mysterious culture whose secrets could save humanity in its darkest hour. With their own lives on the line and time slipping away, Kate, David and Dorian are put to the ultimate test.

ABOUT
The Atlantis World is the final book in A.G. Riddle's bestselling Origin Mystery trilogy. This adventure across space and time explores the history of the Atlantean homeworld and culture, a topic readers have asked about since the release of the first novel in the series, The Atlantis Gene. The trilogy is currently in development at CBS Films to be a major motion picture.
From the author of A WALK AMONG THE TOMBSTONES - set to be a major Hollywood film - comes the third novel in the Matt Scudder series.

When hard-drinking ex-cop Matt Scudder is roped into an NYPD internal investigation, one detective ends up in the slammer on a murder charge.

Jerry seems as clean as the world would like him to be, but Scudder isn't too sure. After all, Jerry was only too keen to dish the dirt on his former colleagues as a way of saving his own skin...

The third novel in the explosive Matt Scudder series from a master of the crime thriller genre.
